# Minutes
Introductions
- We now know who everyone is

Why was it on github?
- Easiest place xD

Collaboration?
- Quality streams = high productions
- LA1 + YSTV = Visuals
- URY + BFM = Audio
- Scan + Nouse = Live tweets
- New system

Roses live?
- Discussing shit that's gone down at LUSU
- Act and treated as all other socities
- Thom explained it all
- Do we integrate into it?
- Lancaster will keep York updated
- York will pass up the information
- Will talk about YUSU issues in future
    - Bad backlash last year

BFM outdoor broadcast
- They liked what URY did
- Create feature lists
- Chairs / Sofas
- Requests
- Myriad desk yeet

LA1 Fixed studio
- No moving studios
- Keep stress down
- Where is it gonna be?

What do BFM want from URY?
- BFM could supply most stuff
- Thom talked about Behringer Xenyx desks + how everything else works
- Not trying to cover everything

What do LA1 want from YSTV?
- 3x OB Kits
- Tiny OB Kit
    - 4G Mobile Sim card
- Aquatics
- Cameras

2 Plans for Roses
- If sports hall finished
- If not finished

2 Weeks for rough estimate of people

Food and shit from SU?

Training
- Need some evidence that people are trained

Versions of shit that is wanted?
- Put on github

Next meeting: 19th February 2020